
{quiz, id: quiz_writing_code, attempts: 10}

## Quiz: Writing Code

Choose the best answer.

{choose-answers: 4}


? Which is true about using AI tools to write code?

C) AI tools should be used as a supplement alongside traditional education and training.
m) Complete novices can easily learn to program by relying solely on AI tools.
m) AI code generation tools do not produce any buggy or substandard code.
o) Experienced programmers cannot use AI tools to write code in unfamiliar languages.
o) Memorizing syntax is still an important skill when using AI to write code.

{choose-answers: 4}
? What are some coding tasks that AI help with?

C) AI can help with all of these tasks
o) Creating functions
o) Choosing a programming language
o) Debugging
o) Planning your program
o) Figuring out a common programming task
o) Comparing syntax


{choose-answers: 4}
? Which of the following is NOT a recommended practice when using AI to write code?

C) Start with a complex task and gradually work your way up to simpler tasks.
m) Test everything AI writes and ensure responsible and ethical use of AI.
o) Be clear about your goals.
o) Provide specific instructions to the AI.
o) Get feedback from others to identify and fix problems with your code.
o) Be patient when interacting with AI.


{choose-answers: 4}
? Which of the following statements is true regarding using AI to generate code?

C) It is important to ask the AI chatbot about the source of the code and verify its authorizations.
m) You should always run code generated by AI without verifying its source.
m) The AI chatbot always provides accurate and trustworthy information about the code source.
o) AI-generated code does not require any verification or tracking of citations.
o) The source of AI-generated code is irrelevant, as long as it produces the desired outcome.

{choose-answers: 4}
?When using an AI chatbot to help debug errors in your code, which of the following approaches is BEST?

C) Periodically checking small code snippets with the AI as you write your program
m) None of these approaches work; AI cannot reliably debug code
o) Submitting your entire program to the AI and having it identify and fix all errors at once
o) Having the AI fix every error as soon as it's encountered
o) Running the entire program and then submitting it to the AI for debugging

{/quiz}